my name is sean callahan and i am a real
estate marketing expert with ww real
estate marketing nerds calm and I've
been very fortunate over the last 10
years I've been able to work with
thousands and thousands of real estate
agents and help them sell millions and
millions and millions of dollars in
homes and have had very good success I
get asked a lot of questions from real
estate agents one of the more popular
questions that I get is how do I design
ads for online classifieds and what is
the goal when creating online
classifieds for getting people to pick
up the phone and call me or to give me
an email and I would tell you if you are
a real estate agent and you're looking
for ways to get really really
inexpensive traffic basically free
traffic you've got to get into online
classifieds craigslist backpage and
postlets.com which i also find to be
very effective those are just a few if
you go to postlets com they'll actually
give you a list of about eight or ten
more online classifieds but when you're
designing an ad for for real estate
listings the best thing you can do is go
to ww free online HTML editor calm again
that addresses free dash online dash
HTML editor and you can basically go on
that it's a free website it'll allow you
to put everything you want into a word
format you can if you don't know any
HTML you don't need to you type
everything out like it's a word document
and pictures of your listings create
your listings and then they have an HTML
button you hit that cut and paste that
code and drop that code into craigslist
drop that code into backpage calm and
other online classifieds you have to
make sure when you put your ads together
that you do a couple very important
things craigslist ads or online
classified ads are only really going to
be maximized if you make sure you put a
search for homes link underneath the
listings so once they look at the
listing you want them to see that and go
right from that listing to say wow you
know what I can search every listing
right now in dallas texas or i can
search every listing now in San Diego
you want to get them off the listing and
have them do a home
search and or sign up for auto email so
if you're going to put together an ad go
to free dash online dash HTML editor com
make the ad there put your search for
homes your auto email services on there
and your abs will be very effective and
very well written without having to know
any HTML if you're a real estate agent
looking for tips on online marketing or
internet marketing you're looking to
make money off your real estate website
I've got free training tapes for you on
my website that'll help you get all the
cutting edge tips and marketing advice
that everything you need to know to sell
millions and millions and millions of
dollars of real estate homes online WWE
estate marketing nerds calm forward
slash free offer again it's WWE real
slash free offer